Describe why basic issuance is insufficient (#186)
tfpauly/privacy-proxy: draft-privacypass-rate-limit-tokens.md

bar for attestation, but cannot be used by a redeeming server to rate-limit
specific clients.

There are several use cases for rate-limiting anonymous clients that
are common on the Internet. These routinely use client IP address tracking,
among other characteristics, to implement rate-limiting.

One example of this use case is rate-limiting website accesses to a client to
help prevent fraud. Operations that are sensitive to fraud, such as account
creation on a website or logging into an account, often employ rate-limiting
as a defense-in-depth strategy. Additional verification can be required by these
pages when a client exceeds a set rate-limit. See {{ANTIFRAUDUSECASES}} and related

> documents of the working group for an in depth discussion on this topic.

Reviewer: It's not clear to me that those use cases require rate limiting as opposed to something like basic issuance, so I might omit this reference (for now).

Author: Done

content) requests in a month before a paywall is enacted. Origins may want to
differentiate quick refreshes from distinct accesses.

> One could imagine applying the 'Joint Attester and Issuer' model from {{ARCH}}
> for this use case. However, this would mean that the attester/issuer learns all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For some applications, the basic issuance protocol from {{?BASIC-ISSUANCE=I-D.ietf-privacypass-protocol}}
could be used to implement rate limits. In particular, the 'Joint Attester and Issuer' model from {{ARCH}} could
be used to restrict the number of tokens issued to individual clients over a time window. However, in this deployment model, the Attester and Issuer would learn all
```

content) requests in a month before a paywall is enacted. Origins may want to
differentiate quick refreshes from distinct accesses.

One could imagine applying the 'Joint Attester and Issuer' model from {{ARCH}}

> for this use case. However this necessitates that the attester/issuer learns all

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for this use case. However, this would mean that the attester/issuer learns all
```

> One could imagine applying the 'Joint Attester and Issuer' model from {{ARCH}}
> for this use case. However this necessitates that the attester/issuer learns all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For some applications, the basic issuance protocol from {{?BASIC-ISSUANCE=I-D.ietf-privacypass-protocol}}
could be used to implement rate limits. In particular, the 'Joint Attester and Issuer' model from {{ARCH}} could
be used to restrict the number of tokens issued to individual clients over a time window. However, in this deployment model, the Attester and Issuer would learn all
```

Reviewer: @smhendrickson can we land this change, too?

origins used by a participating client. In some cases this might be a significant portion of

> browsing history. The rate limited proposal employs the 'Split Origin, Attester, Issuer'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
browsing history. The issuance protocol defined in this document employs the 'Split Origin, Attester, Issuer'
```
